# eGFR

eGFR (estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate) is a calculated score based on serum creatinine levels. An eGFR score is one of the primary metrics used for assessing kidney function. The most commonly used formula to derive an eGFR score is called 'CKD-EPI', this takes into account Serum Creatinine, age, gender, and race. Serum Creatinine is a strong reflection of total muscle mass, therefore if someone has higher muscle mass (or body mass) than is expected for their age / gender, this will falsely produce a lower eGFR score.

### Optimal values

Conventionally the target value is >90mL/min/m2 . However, in those with higher creatinine levels due to muscle mass, a lower score is to be expected. Generally I would expect most healthy individuals to have an eGFR of  >60mL/min/m2

### Low eGFR

- Higher than average muscle mass
- Creatine supplementation
- Acute exercise (creatinine will be elevated for 1-3 days post intense training)
- Dehydration
- Poor kidney function / kidney disease

### High eGFR

- No reason for concern

### What next?

- Due to Serum Creatinine being the primary indicator of eGFR, I believe it is far more accurate to assess Serum Creatinine itself, based on the individual (e.g. a higher Serum Creatinine is to be expected with a bodybuilder, but perhaps not with a sedentary grandmother. We must first ask ourselves, does this test result make sense for the person?).
- Other markers such as Cystatin C may provide a more accurate depiction of kidney function, especially in individuals with higher muscle mass.