# RDW

**RED CELL DISTRIBUTION WIDTH**

RDW is a blood marker in the 'full blood count' panel, and provides an indication of the variation in red blood cell size. The higher value suggests greater variance in size. This is a very important marker to correlate to MCV, as a high RDW could mask irregular MCV (MCV measures the mean volume of a red blood cell. If there are lots of extra small red blood cells and lots of extra large red blood cells, the average volume may work out to a normal amount). High RDW has also been associated with mortality (and increases rapidly closer to death).

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

Remember, RDW does not tell us how large the red blood cells are (MCV is a better indicator of this), it simply tells us about the variance between cells. Someone could have chronically small red blood cells (in which case they would have a low MCV), but if all their cells are small, they could have a low / normal RDW.

*This is why *RDW + MCV must* be assessed together!*

### **Optimal Values**

<13%

### **Low RDW**

I am not convinced that low RDW is a concern.

### **High RDW**

Low MCV + low RBC, low hemoglobin, low iron, low ferritin, low transferrin saturation could suggest iron deficiency anemia

### **What next?**

**High RDW with:**

- Low MCV + low RBC, low hemoglobin, low iron, low ferritin, low transferrin saturation could suggest iron deficiency anemia

**High RDW with:**

- High MCV + high MCH, high MCHC, high LDH, low serum B12, low serum folate could suggest B12/B9 deficiency anemia